# April 2025

- [ ] verify some contract type flows
	- infi -> 512 mapping
	- live: NER used? (payload)
	- when live flow is triggered
- [ ] intelligize questions
	- number of docs recognized as contracts
	- igz versus hm classification



- [ ] check with Julien, Trans lit results
- [ ] check with sofie:
	- [ ] if the designs are ready
	- [ ] what to summarize
- [ ] ado board
- [ ] pdf -> docx converter: Prio
	- praveen: put someone on the poseidon team we know to push the roadmap
- [ ] set up test accounts
	- [ ] perf
	- [ ] quality
- [ ] Cause of Action
	- [ ] align with taxonomy
	- [ ] set up with concepts
- [ ] [[ai summarizer]]
	- [ ] check with privacy team: meeting planned on april 22 
	- [ ] plan: after privacy team and sofie's aproval for argument/document
- [ ] container deployment
	- [x] give jozeph the needed info: AD group, asset id, asset area id
	- [ ] UP
	- [ ] taxo?
	- [ ] gene's classifier?
- [x] [[opensearch-performance]]
- [ ] fix tyler's access
- [ ] get onboarding video's

# Old
- [x] set up note syncing for this vault
- [x] Complete security training
	- [x] set up vanta (wait for new laptop)
- [x] mail client
- [x] check [prod](https://ops-dashboard.henchman.io/) authentication
- [x] profile
	- [x] send info to virginie
	- [x] set slack photo
- [x] Set up [[henchman testing framework]]
